README.md, before:

# Obsidian Kanban Plugin

Create markdown-backed Kanban boards in [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

- [Bugs, Issues, & Feature Requests](https://github.com/mgmeyers/obsidian-kanban/issues)
- [Development Roadmap](https://github.com/mgmeyers/obsidian-kanban/projects/1)

![Screen Shot 2021-09-16 at 12.58.22 PM.png](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Assets/Screen%20Shot%202021-09-16%20at%2012.58.22%20PM.png)

![Screen Shot 2021-09-16 at 1.10.38 PM.png](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Assets/Screen%20Shot%202021-09-16%20at%201.10.38%20PM.png)

## [How do I](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/index)

- [Add a date to a card](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Add%20a%20date%20to%20a%20card)
- [Add a time to a card](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Add%20a%20time%20to%20a%20card)
- [Add an image to a card](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Add%20an%20image%20to%20a%20card)
- [Create a Kanban board](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Create%20a%20Kanban%20board)
- [Create notes from cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Create%20notes%20from%20cards)
- [Install the plugin](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Install%20the%20plugin)
- [Search a Kanban board](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Search%20a%20Kanban%20board)
- [View a Kanban's archive](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/View%20a%20Kanban's%20archive)
- [Set a WIP limit for a lane](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Set%20a%20WIP%20Limit)

## [Settings](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/index)

- [Add date and time to archived cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Add%20date%20and%20time%20to%20archived%20cards)
- [Archive date time format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Archive%20date%20time%20format)
- [Archive date time separator](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Archive%20date%20time%20separator)
- [Board header buttons](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Board%20header%20buttons)
- [Date display format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Date%20display%20format)
- [Date format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Date%20format)
- [Date trigger](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Date%20trigger)
- [Display card checkbox](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Display%20card%20checkbox)
- [Hide card display dates](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20card%20display%20dates)
- [Hide card display tags](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20card%20display%20tags)
- [Hide dates in card titles](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20dates%20in%20card%20titles)
- [Hide tags in card titles](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20tags%20in%20card%20titles)
- [Lane width](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Lane%20width)
- [Link dates to daily notes](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Link%20dates%20to%20daily%20notes)
- [Linked page metadata](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Linked%20page%20metadata)
- [Local vs. global settings](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Local%20vs.%20global%20settings)
- [Maximum number of archived cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Maximum%20number%20of%20archived%20cards)
- [New line trigger](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/New%20line%20trigger)
- [Note folder](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Note%20folder)
- [Note template](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Note%20template)
- [Prepend append new cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Prepend%20append%20new%20cards)
- [Show relative date](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Show%20relative%20date)
- [Time format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Time%20format)
- [Time trigger](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Time%20trigger)

## [FAQs](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/FAQs/index)

- [Frontmatter limitations & gotchas](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/FAQs/Frontmatter%20limitations%20&%20gotchas)
- [Themes with enhanced Kanban support](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/FAQs/Themes%20with%20enhanced%20Kanban%20support)

## Support

If you find this plugin useful and would like to support its development, you can sponsor [me](https://github.com/mgmeyers) on Github, or buy me a coffee.

[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/mgmeyers?label=Sponsor&logo=GitHub%20Sponsors&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/sponsors/mgmeyers)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mgme"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=mgme&button_colour=5F7FFF&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Lato&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00"></a>

Commit message:

Custom Kanban Plugin with 2 new features (periods and complete markers)

README.md, after:

# Obsidian Kanban Plugin

Create markdown-backed Kanban boards in [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/)

## Custom Feature Additions

This custom version of the plugin has 2 new features:

#### Periods

If the 'Allow Period in Dates' setting is on, Kanban boards can render larger time periods such as weeks, months, quarters and years. This works along with the [Periodic Notes](https://github.com/liamcain/obsidian-periodic-notes) plugin to allow for Kanban cards/items to be linked to daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly or yearly journals using the same date notation (@ by default). Note that this setting overrides the date and date display formats.

#### Lane Complete Markers

Comes prepackaged with this version of the plugin, Kanban lanes now have an extra setting that allows you to set a task complete marker per lane. The complete marker is the single character that goes in between the `[ ]` symbols whenever the respective card/item is placed in a given lane. This allows for different lanes to mark complete tasks differently (e.g. with the cancelled marker '-' or the reschedule marker '<'). This feature has not been tested with the show checkbox in card setting.

## Sample Images

![Screen Shot 2021-09-16 at 12.58.22 PM.png](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Assets/Screen%20Shot%202021-09-16%20at%2012.58.22%20PM.png)

![Screen Shot 2021-09-16 at 1.10.38 PM.png](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Assets/Screen%20Shot%202021-09-16%20at%201.10.38%20PM.png)

## [How do I](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/index)

- [Add a date to a card](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Add%20a%20date%20to%20a%20card)
- [Add a time to a card](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Add%20a%20time%20to%20a%20card)
- [Add an image to a card](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Add%20an%20image%20to%20a%20card)
- [Create a Kanban board](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Create%20a%20Kanban%20board)
- [Create notes from cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Create%20notes%20from%20cards)
- [Install the plugin](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Install%20the%20plugin)
- [Search a Kanban board](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Search%20a%20Kanban%20board)
- [View a Kanban's archive](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/View%20a%20Kanban's%20archive)
- [Set a WIP limit for a lane](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/How%20do%20I/Set%20a%20WIP%20Limit)

## [Settings](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/index)

- [Add date and time to archived cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Add%20date%20and%20time%20to%20archived%20cards)
- [Archive date time format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Archive%20date%20time%20format)
- [Archive date time separator](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Archive%20date%20time%20separator)
- [Board header buttons](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Board%20header%20buttons)
- [Date display format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Date%20display%20format)
- [Date format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Date%20format)
- [Date trigger](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Date%20trigger)
- [Display card checkbox](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Display%20card%20checkbox)
- [Hide card display dates](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20card%20display%20dates)
- [Hide card display tags](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20card%20display%20tags)
- [Hide dates in card titles](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20dates%20in%20card%20titles)
- [Hide tags in card titles](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Hide%20tags%20in%20card%20titles)
- [Lane width](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Lane%20width)
- [Link dates to daily notes](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Link%20dates%20to%20daily%20notes)
- [Linked page metadata](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Linked%20page%20metadata)
- [Local vs. global settings](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Local%20vs.%20global%20settings)
- [Maximum number of archived cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Maximum%20number%20of%20archived%20cards)
- [New line trigger](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/New%20line%20trigger)
- [Note folder](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Note%20folder)
- [Note template](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Note%20template)
- [Prepend append new cards](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Prepend%20append%20new%20cards)
- [Show relative date](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Show%20relative%20date)
- [Time format](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Time%20format)
- [Time trigger](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/Settings/Time%20trigger)

## [FAQs](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/FAQs/index)

- [Frontmatter limitations & gotchas](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/FAQs/Frontmatter%20limitations%20&%20gotchas)
- [Themes with enhanced Kanban support](https://matthewmeye.rs/obsidian-kanban/FAQs/Themes%20with%20enhanced%20Kanban%20support)

## Support

If you find this plugin useful and would like to support its development, you can sponsor [me](https://github.com/mgmeyers) on Github, or buy me a coffee.

[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/mgmeyers?label=Sponsor&logo=GitHub%20Sponsors&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/sponsors/mgmeyers)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mgme"><img src="https://img.buymeacoffee.com/button-api/?text=Buy me a coffee&emoji=&slug=mgme&button_colour=5F7FFF&font_colour=ffffff&font_family=Lato&outline_colour=000000&coffee_colour=FFDD00"></a>
